hey guys show I'm excited to share my
first dia & Co subscription box the in
toto is a telling us if you credit
stitch fix it's kind of like that for
plus size sizes so this is not sponsored
or any day has paid for just with my own
money they don't even know I have a
channel I'm obviously it's a pretty neat
channel but I'm you go any website and
you fill out a questionnaire and I like
to think even I guess because I am
plus-sized they ask questions like what
parts of your body is so comfortable
showing which I think it's really
helpful you know to us refine is use
different patterns you like or don't
like
I don't something like Tekken and one of
the ones would be a tribal or Aztec in
patterns and I don't like those but I do
like Tina Jackson took it up because
things like that and then you a lot
doesn't say is there certain colors you
really don't like on you sorry to say
that I really don't like yellow thank
you I am like what I'm fun bright colors
but I don't we go out on me so you don't
have a question you're online and then a
stylist style five items for you you
also do get to say what price ranges you
want I did pick a lowest price range
which is a little higher than I'm
typically comfortable with I think I
said for you to seventy knowing that a
lot I'm working you 50 or over you pay a
$20 filing fee and then that $20 70 if
you do like something is taken off of
the item you're purchasing that's just I
think to protect them from you getting
them all the time and there's paying
shipping cost back and forth and we
never purchase anything so if you like
all five items then they will change
they will give you a 20% discount which
makes it a lot cheaper and you can kind
of tell your stylist which are looking
for which needs you know a little bit
about you so I pulled my sellers that I
was starting YouTube channel and I
things to film and that I also wanted to
address it properly to wear to church
and around summer time because it gets
pretty hot here in the south and then I
also just let her mouth I every games a
lot I'm stay-at-home mom and then I
didn't mean like business attire type
thing so when you look at your box I'll
be honest I cheated and I completely
have already opened them and done
everything else I I am not paid next
time I promise I will track if I get a
meta box I will try to save my responses
and my what's the word I'm looking for
I'll promise it my reactions my first
reactions for the camera alright so when
you go can you get your wrist box come
to the note and it's an embryo stylist
and I like that is personalized let me
try to tell you why they chose these
certain items and like ideas for it so
this one says bokeh media company
actually I'm thrilled to be sending you
some amazing new garments to add to your
wardrobe you can never go wrong with a
great pair of jeans and these are the
perfect pair you have great stretch and
sculpted value so well pair of them is
either of these tops in a long necklace
for your ztt you'll love the way this
wrap dress fits and feels it's versatile
enough for church with a colored blazer
and the denim jacket and sneakers for
day out of the kids and then they just
closed your 4cm box is you first see a
box is where we really will fine-tune
your style and sizing you can request a
size exchange or give feedback on so you
rate your items on viacom can we hear
what you think
except Kristen Huntress and then it has
the items on the back I'll be honest I
completely made a point to try on the
clothes before I looked at the prices I
will show you and then here if they do
provide a shipping bag for you to ship
everything and you get five days and if
you try on your clothes in the side
to watch you get your box
it all comes wrapped my petitioner in
such as we do this the way they have its
mocking or those needs whether they had
it first item I got was this purse and
it is what it says it is a Harper bag in
taupe and this is $30 a lot of the easy
ones and item is a little cheaper in
case I really didn't like the clothes if
I'm like loving point on to some anyways
what's another tan for a bag um this bag
I will not be getting it just that my
style and all I don't see me ever using
this bag it's really nicely made and you
continue using a bag right isn't it up
and then as in this part to get it down
I'm off I don't really get it so it's a
few bag it's got a little flat spot here
and then it's got this a little zipper
spot on the flap up and then when you
open this up this is just look here is
like they have internal pockets but oh
no I don't you can't put anything too
tall as any gonna flip it and just kind
of asking a lot of these the style
around I just tend to have that trendy
it's really cute it was something I see
myself wearing also the strap just kind
of mention is like it's something I feel
comfortable wearing around a lot but
it's really I mean it's cute
I'm in something that was one and then
everything else that's all from like my
opens it out the ball black and then
this print right here and I was super
excited to the press because I thought
it was really cute
not if you could see that when I was
hosting a Charlie
like this so super excited to see this
print okay this is the be curvy the
brand Alejandra pleat back flaps in
Peach and this is $69 here's the shirt I
did say I don't really have any teammate
type shirts so I just sorted this off
and oh maybe I had come to it or not but
life it is 3/4 sleeve I already have a
white shirt that works perfectly
underneath it and I really loved the
color and the pattern on it I did get
this in the 2x is a little big I feel in
the stomach area so then if I went to
when I Emily would fit right in the arms
and the chest I'll insert clips with me
where I'm trying on that and then it has
this cute okay sorry about that guys my
camera died and then I said well cup
snap and shaming so let's see if I can
get this done
love you okay
sorry about that guys my camera battery
died and the my childhood from his math
blitz time see if I can get he's in the
other room
I'm not sure if I already said this but
to give you a mailers tonight us back in
and I went over to I had pack everything
back up make sure he didn't get into it
okay something else I was shirt and then
this is the one item I think are going
to keep I really like it so much time
I'm going to church or meeting with
families and things and it's like how
bright the cup I like if it is kind of a
bright color but not like crazy bright
and that the prints not crazy either
it's a little flowy but I guess it's
time but I think I'm gonna keep this
short
then alright so next was to the other
shirt this is the other shirt and
actually let's talk about the one I was
wearing with missing in this clip next
thing is these black she called them
jeans two things then we have a teen
material to them they're kind of black
pants to me and it's this better fabric
leather jeans I guess you could call
cytosine and I think gene if you give
actual gene material that dyed black but
they are skinny jean they're from
celebrity and
they're called the salt lake skinny and
they're in the size 20 and these are $55
I think if they're a little long
I am only five foot two maybe five six
and a half so I always need to having to
roll up the bottoms of my jeans which
steps fine with me and so I did have I
would have to do that by happy concern
really nice and they were comfortable I
just I was I really want this prefer to
have like a regular Jean I think instead
of these black pants um he just I don't
work anymore and when I worked I wore
black pants like every day like it was
kind of my painting black pants and a
and a different top so I'm just a bigger
I am wanted that kind of money on pants
I probably would be reaching for all the
time I just rather have a really good
pair of like changing other that they
were a great pair and they fit really
well and they were really pretty
comfortable too all right the next is a
shirt see it is from this is brand
Rachel Rory and it's called these fables
right tie blouse and this is a I just
want to hang up to access to be on the
safe side for all of it even though I
can wear when I um this is basic shirt
and have a little tie I was acting
worried about this time when I first saw
the turtles like I don't know how I was
tie right there in the front and when I
head on it wasn't a tie than magazin
right I like to defy actually a lot
it was the sleeve and didn't realize it
until you put it on and I'll enter a
clip gonna have these to hold and I
think if it had been like a sleeve like
this word cut and then I had one hole it
was not bothered me so much
it just seemed very bulky in a way like
it's a really sad material so both you
kindly the right word but instead of
being very practical for me to wherever
you're out there running room after two
kids even just walking from where I
changed to where I was filming this I
almost got this comment isn't torn off
so I just don't think it's very
practical for me didn't really like the
look of the you know how open it was on
the side of the arm but other than that
it was a really great fit and I'm the
tie the front end mother me and all
those architects you alright the next
item of this dress it is from Emily I'm
gonna butcher this name I look like cry
Alec you elo Qi I in a size 20 and it's
just like a sleepy brass dress it's
called it the lacy ruched wrap dress and
it's also in a good fun it was my bad I
didn't tell me the way this type of
material so funny it's I feel like it's
just like super clean neat to my stomach
which is like the one area I really
don't want people pay attention to well
I put it up on that and mutated for
those interesting but not that I get
millions of viewers so I just don't like
anything that fits that smell vomit
stomach and also this material makes it
feel either to 1700 and I tried to put
on a different jacket to make it you see
a little bar more casual but I didn't
think that that was really doing me and
it just felt way too formal I did how I
wanted any dress that I could wear to
church and that's my bad and it's
specified that I do not go to a like
formally church our church
you know the pastor we're feet so I
should have set more like eight Kenna
I'm looking more for like a spring
summer dress and tie to look at cotton
tight blend
I'm just let's see what is this made of
and you'll see sure I know what it's
made of
it says it is a 96% polyester and 4%
spandex there's just one thing about
this type of fabric I don't wear a lot
it makes it it just makes it feel too
formal for me and for that kind of price
is this one is $89 so for $89 this will
have to get passed for me
I just wouldn't find myself reaching for
it very often since again I'm a
stay-at-home mom and I don't get dressed
up that often okay so I will try to
maybe showed a clip of this but the bag
was 30
the dress was 89 one of the shirts is 89
and the other shirt was 69 and then the
pants of 65 so the total would have been
342 - the $20 dying fee and if I have
liked all of it the 20% folds box
discount was taken off sixty-eight
dollars and forty cents bringing it to
250 360 which if I had loved all of
these items
I think 253 would have been a great
price if for hot you know for quality
items that looks great on me they just
in via is the first box I wasn't very
specific on certain things just because
I kind of wanted to see was able to me I
kind of wanted to step up some maybe my
typical comfort zone and also the cool
thing is if you can link your Pinterest
account to it so they can fill up them
maybe a board that you have a clothing
me like I'm not sure if my own stylist
saw my just reported it but I think
that's a cool ways and then you're kind
of get yourself and then they ask for
you to possibly took pictures send them
pictures of things that you like an
outfit you would wear every day if you
could like one that you really love so
that they can see something that you
like and then also send them pictures of
what you try on your first box so that
you can see what it is you don't
like what fit it is it's not working for
you just having a stylist that can be
out there looking for something for me I
live if you see my channel I promise you
the fork but I live out in a very rural
area we do not have a lot of clothing
stores around us um we specifically do
not have a lot of plus-sized clothing
source I think JCPenney carries some
plus-size I've never really gone in
there and use like cold I think we might
have like a kale or just peanut
something like that around here but
other than that it's not like I can get
to tour it every day or any other
plus-size clothing this is great to have
someone you don't have a lot of time so
when you can send you clothes and you
can really get to know your style I will
dab on my husband said go ahead and
spend the money he definitely wanted me
to do this again so I'm going to buy the
one shirt and I'm going to specifically
let her know that I want like changing
and then more of like cotton type
clothing just don't wear a lot of these
seem to be too much on the what I would
wear in a casual work environment and
that's something that I would be
reaching for now so I will have the
links below and it will be like I'm
going to put my personal links on there
I again this is not sponsored but they
do have a referral system so if you
order with my referral code then I would
get $20 and it's just to be upfront I
would get $20 towards my next box
that's how stitch fix books as well as a
lot of these other subscription boxes
and then you can give your friends and
family your referral code and you can
get $20 for anybody who signed up that's
just their kind of way of advertising I
know
Erin Condren does the same type of thing
so I always at link down below if you
have any questions on please Adam in the
comments below and if you have any
suggestions on clothing or you know have
you felt if you've tried any of these
subscription type clothing boxes how you
like to fan with it and like them also
asked nipple I point out that I did hear
that if you go online and if you look up
your item and if you can find them
cheaper somewhere else I've heard that
the n Co will price match so for
instance if I really loved that this
pair of pants and they're $65 if I had
gone online and found them for 30 I do
believe is a low price match so quote me
on that I will try to look into that to
see for sure but I did hear another
youtuber